Update attestation plugin API and design to reflect implementation (#3168)
openenclave/openenclave: docs/DesignDocs/Attestation_API_Proposal.md

    point.
- Verify evidence, optionally using a set of input endorsements and policies.
  - Entry point `oe_result_t (*verify_evidence)(oe_verifier_t* context, const uint8_t* evidence_buffer, size_t evidence_buffer_size, const uint8_t* endorsements_buffer, size_t endorsements_buffer_size, const oe_policy_t* policies, size_t policies_size, oe_claim_t** claims, size_t* claims_length)`.

>   - `evidence_buffer` and `endorsements_buffer` contain the all evidence and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `evidence_buffer` and `endorsements_buffer` contain all the evidence and
```

Author: Thanks! Updated.

- `OE_FORMAT_UUID_SGX_ECDSA_P256_QUOTE`: for raw SGX ECDSA quote generated
by the Intel SGX SDK.

For evidence data wrapped by a header with a format ID, the list of claims returned
by `oe_verify_evidence()` will contain one claim named
`OE_CLAIM_CUSTOM_CLAIMS` if the evidence data contains a non-empty custom

> claims buffer. For evidence data without an embedded format ID,
> e.g. an SGX ECDSA report or a raw SGX ECDSA quote,
> the list of claims will contain one claim named `OE_CLAIM_SGX_REPORT_DATA`.

Reviewer: The above statement would not be true for non-SGX TEEs, so needs to be reworded.
```suggestion
claims buffer. For evidence data containing an SGX ECDSA report or a raw SGX ECDSA quote without an embedded format ID,
the list of claims will contain one claim named `OE_CLAIM_SGX_REPORT_DATA`.
```
